Add regex support to `ignoreAtRules` option of `at-rule-empty-line-before` (#8385)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/red-clouds-sit.md

---
"stylelint": minor
---

> Added: `ignoreAtRules:[]` regex support in `at-rule-empty-line-before`

Reviewer: We have 2 precedents, either

```suggestion
Added: regex support to `ignoreAtRules` option of `at-rule-empty-line-before`
```
or
```suggestion
Added: regex support for `ignoreAtRules` option of `at-rule-empty-line-before`
```

Whichever you choose remember to fix the title too.
